zealand west duk-soo average 408 yards
per game overall keeping it quarterback
Aaron banding though the scam pills go
for a plus six or seven really hit the
ball nicely really execute the offense
well a physical runner
leads the way for this club very
inclusive make sure everybody feels
comfortable in the huddle and on the
football field
second down and five now for that Vanden
de
the middle lunging his way for a first
down
is number 23 Ryan van dort then you're
part of a three-headed monster that
includes Aaron rap but also an deep
Laska who had three touchdowns against
Highland Park last week the offensive
line is fleet of foot averaging six feet
246 pounds the right tackle Jon cry
they'd like to run his way first and ten
up the middle again
more positive yardage as a defensive
look for a Coopersville gives a 12
points for a game to the front for Tony
link you're gonna see a lot in there too
besides those other four Greg lows on
the middle linebacker Allen Adams leads
the Tina Dix
close to a first down
Aaron rap
you watch this often it's a lot of time
it's difficult fun we'll watch the
guards is gonna pull Hanks he's gonna
leap through the hole nice lead block on
the linebacker lows in that time it's on
those offense people have a hard time
following the football cuz there's so
much misdirection the backfield but I'm
gonna teach it Mataji and just watch
those guards are gonna take you to the
ball every time they rarely faults pull
so that right guard pulls to the left no
matter what's going on in the backfield
that ball is coming to the left side
well that offensive one has done a nice
job for Aaron ramp and EEP Laska and the
rest of this Ducks offense Lee
vandenbrink comes off full Coopersville
on a third down and short situation
right side first down
lion van dort again with his second
carry waltz I windows road to the finals
hasn't been that much of a test really
for Zealand West who has offered up just
11 points per game in the playoffs
Coopersville earlier in the season lost
to Sparta but then beat him in the pre
Division 24 to 18 before reaching for
field after a couple more big foots
still with the football is the
quarterback Vanden belt close to the 30
pick up from about six
Coryell zing on the left guard and
Justin Hanks the right guard a lot of
worker to look here you can see him come
he's gonna go wide this time he's not
gonna get the inside trap he's gonna get
out to the edge and that tells you the
quarterbacks gonna keep it on the boot
and that's what you gotta your
linebackers you get the quarterback does
a good job of hiding it on his hip he
follows big number 52 who's got the ball
not me the hide-and-seek second down and
short for Aaron Vanden belt this time
he'll give it to Aaron Rapp forward
surge so first down to the 25
boy they just punch you in the mouth
with coupons oh no thing you know man
I'm not sure you did the game a few
years ago in East Kentwood here shamoto
was the coach then yeah I did this for
the one running back no olive on or
something and he had just God he number
Hung's of the same offense he also
brought orchard beer here a couple years
he was in Muskegon then get the win blah
blah a 95 and 99 his offense mom will
come off flat back and you better be
ready cuz they'll punch in the face
Shillito his team Eddie he spent would
wash to Catholic Central in 2002 hoping
to make amends here Aaron rap had a good
shake up the middle allowing the
quarterback to keep it around the corner
and get to the 15 for another first down
the ball faking is so clever that you
just don't believe the quarterback still
hasn't but he's gonna follow a guard
this time it's Hanks see Hanks coming
wide he puts it down his hip
sooner or later you just got to believe
your reads and believe your keys Matt my
coaches can tell you tell you tell you
to do it but until you get in and really
see it you have a hard time buying into
but if ceiling keeps moving the ball
west like this Cougars will have to buy
into it they mark him shy at a 15-yard
line so they'll bring up second down and
the gives to the upback fool close to a
first down number 32 and EEP Laska the
carry their Plaskett ten carries last
week 168 yards
and the three schools those scores of 60
28 and 52 yards Alaska actually leads
this team in rushing with 1253 on the
year but lasses the guy who has the most
touchdowns third down and short
and this time it's an easy pulls down
sneaking inside the ten is Ryan band or
when you watch the Ducks operate their
offense
you could tape about three plays and
just show them over and over these are
gonna run to get to the full-back
they're gonna power off tackle they're
going to quarterback Keith heading to
the edge and they're gonna run it over
and over and over they're gonna light
they're gonna left and they're just
gonna physically trying to wear you down
with a little bit deception mixed in
well you're not gonna see them throw the
football very much against coach Mirman
and company because they've only
attempted 35 passes all season long
again on the ground and again creates
positive yardage Erin wrap your child
your big brother get on top so I'll give
you a chest pounds yeah I couldn't get
away
that's what Cooper's our defense right
now it's just they're only getting five
four or five yards a play but they're
getting it every single play are the
zealand west ducks coming down the field
and you feel helpless like there's
nothing you can do everyone's trying to
do their job but it's just so methodical
second down and goal now for the Ducks
the gift to rap knocked out the fire
Coopersville is trusting their reeds is
just one sleep that's another thing
wrapping up some of these guys is Greg
Lausanne made the tapa
that's a good point man you got to
defeat the blocker so it's a
double-edged sword not long you're
trying to make to play physically but
you got to make it mentally with
sticking your keys and not chase ghosts
third and goal now zealand west a 57
percent conversion rate on third down
diffusion from the five
still with it brag about the touchdown